# CS340
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? 
     Writing a code that is maintanable, readable, and adaptable can be tricky, but can be done if you think each section through.  To maintain you have to have something that can easily be worked to stay up to date, but to do this it has to be readable and adaptable.  Readable meaning it is easy for anyone to read.  Whether that means follow standard coding guidelines or leaving your code heavily commented, so anyone who goes into can easily undertsnad what is going on.  Adaptable just means that your program and grow and transform based on what is needed in the long run.  I things change for the future how easily can you adapt the code to keep up.  All of this falls under the big umbrella of maintainable. I can use the CRUD method in the future very easily, it will open up many doors for me, so I can break it down and make sure I follow the standards of create read update and delete to make sure my prorgram can do these simple things to acheive the goals. 
     

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
     When it comes to any problem, I start with breaking it down and trying to find what is happeneing and what my desired solution will be.  The same can be done in computer science.  You look at the big picture and see what the client or yourself wants the program to be able to do in the end.  once you have that you can start breaking everything down into smaller parts to get the program put together as a whole.  I approached this project the same I have with other courses, I looked at what I needed to happen in the progrm and then broke down each section to make sure it was ser the way I needed it to be so it could run without any issues. I will continue to use this process going forward of strting with what is happeneing and getting the desired outcome from the client or mysef and break it down from there. 
     
     
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
     Computer scientists take the world and make it better and easier to get through.  They take problems and work them out to make programs for the world to use to get us running smoother, and  make life easier.  They give people and companies the technological advances that are changing the world.  This matters because it means we are evolving and computer science allows us to keep up with the ever changing world.  From recreational, to business, to medicine. This helps in a compay like Grazioso Salvare because it allows us to work with them and keep their systems up to date and bring them into the future and stay on top of their game in the industry.  
